FAQ and Troubleshooting Guide (#637)
pytorch/serve: docs/Troubleshooting.md

## Troubleshooting guide.
Refer to this section for common issues faced while deploying your Pytorch models using Torchserve and their corresponding troubleshooting steps.

* [Deployment and config issues](#deployment-and-config-issues)
* [Snapshot related issues](#snapshot-related-issues)
* [API related issues](#api-relate-issues)
* [Model-archiver](#model-archiver)

### Deployment and config issues
#### "Failed to bind to address: http://127.0.0.1:8080", port 8080/8081 already in use.
Usually, the port number 8080/8081 is already used by some other application or service, it can be verified by using cmd `ss -ntl | grep 8080`.  There are two ways to troubleshoot this issue
either kill the process which is using port 8080/8081 or run Torchserve on different ports other than 8080 & 8081.

Refer  [configuration.md](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/configuration.md) for more details.

Relevant issues:  [[542](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/issues/542)]

#### "java.lang.NoSuchMethodError" when starting Torchserve.[[473](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/issues/473)]

> This error usually occurs when Java 11 is not installed or used. Java 11 is required by Torchserve and java versions before it is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error usually occurs when Java 11 is not installed or used. Java 11 is required by Torchserve and older java versions are not supported.
```

Relevant issues: [[#473](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/issues/473)]

####  Unable to send big files for inference request?
The default max request size and response size is roughly 6.5 Mb. Hence any file size greater than 6.5mb cannot be uploaded.
To resolve this update `max_request_size` and `max_response_size` in a config.properties file and start the torchserve with this config file.
```
$ cat config.properties
max_request_size=<request size in bytes>
max_response_size=<response size in bytes>
$ torchserve --start --model-store model_store --ts-config /path/to/config.properties
```
You can also use environment variables to set these values.

> Refer  [configuration.md](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/configuration.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer [configuration.md](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/configuration.md) for more details.
```

Relevant issues: [[#335](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/issues/335)]

###  Snapshot related issues
#### How to disable Snapshot feature?

> By default, the snapshot feature is enabled. To disable snapshot feature start torchserve using --ncs flag or  specify config file using --ts-config path/to/config 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the snapshot feature is enabled. To disable snapshot feature start torchserve using --ncs flag or specify config file using --ts-config path/to/config 
```

Relevant issues:[[#383](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/issues/383), [#512](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/issues/512)]

#### Torchserve stopped after restart with "InvalidSnapshotException" exception.
Torchserve when restarted uses the last snapshot config file to restore its state of models and their number of workers.

> 

Reviewer: Unnecessary line breaks here and in the following sections

Reviewer 2: Done.

When "InvalidSnapshotException" is thrown then the model store is in an inconsistent state as compared with the snapshot.

To resolve this the snapshot config files can be removed or torchserve can be started with specific config file using --ts-config path/to/config.

> Refer  [snapshot.md](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/snapshot.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer [snapshot.md](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/snapshot.md) for more details.
```
